### [Quantocracy’s Daily Wrap for 12/14/2017](http://quantocracy.com/quantocracys-daily-wrap-for-12142017/)
Fri, 15 Dec 2017 06:15:01 +0000
#### [Trading Strategies That Are Designed to Avoid Overfitting from @InvestingIdiocy [Quantopian]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=YhqV6KotDo&source=feedburner)
"QuantCon was probably the single biggest concentration of collective IQ under one roof in finance conference history (both speakers and attendees). The talks I went to were technically sound, and almost without exception presented by engaging speakers," stated Robert Carver in Some Reflections on QuantCon 2017. Our next QuantCon will be held in NYC on April 27th-28th. Early bird tickets
#### [Podcast: Founding Alpha Architect [Alpha Architect]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=SJvqmtpOud&source=feedburner)
Here is a link to our recent podcast on Behind the Uniform. Im so humbled and honored to have Wesley Gray on the show today, talking about his experience building Alpha Architect. I found Wes through a Wall Street Journal article that starts with: Wesley Grays value-focused fund of overseas stocks is beating all its rivals over the past year. For him, its almost beside the point.
#### [Do you have a plan for your screw ups? [Alvarez Quant Trading]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=A3DESAlxN9&source=feedburner)
You should have a plan for when you screw things up because I can guarantee it will happen. This is the screw up I did last night and how I handled it this morning. Enjoy this unplanned post. The Nightly Ritual Each night for 250 days of the year, I do the following for my trading. Step 1: In the early evening, log into InteractiveBrokers, get the executions for the day, update my current
