### [Quantocracy’s Daily Wrap for 12/11/2017](http://quantocracy.com/quantocracys-daily-wrap-for-12112017/)
Tue, 12 Dec 2017 06:15:02 +0000
#### [No Silver Bullets: 8 Ideas for Financial Planning in a Low-Return Environment [Flirting with Models]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=PAZYDBmbQ2&source=feedburner)
Most institutions are forecasting lower expected returns for traditional asset classes compared to historical realized levels. Rules based upon historically realized numbers  like the 4% withdrawal rule  may fail going forward. Should we simply accept lower withdrawal rates in our financial plan? Is there a silver bullet to over-coming this return gap problem? In this presentation, we offer
#### [Mean-Reversion on Equity Index Level [Factor Research]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=EDGK9gbcMn&source=feedburner)
Mean-Reversion on index level became profitable post the 1970s, before that Momentum dominated The structural shift from Momentum to Mean-Reversion is consistent across markets Likely explained by the evolution of financial markets INTRODUCTION Investors and traders basically only have two options when it comes to investing: speculate on Momentum or Mean-Reversion. Naturally these options can be
#### [The Most Wonderful Week Of The Year [Quantifiable Edges]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=zHCNLVwrBY&source=feedburner)
Over several time horizons op-ex week in December has been the most bullish week of the year for the SPX. The positive seasonality actually has persisted for up to 3 weeks. Ive shown the study below in the blog many times since 2008. It looks back to 1984, which was the first year that SPX options traded. The table is updated again this year. 2017-12-11 The stats here remain extremely strong.
#### [Time Warp Edit Distance [Dekalog Blog]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=RrzRpcsLnj&source=feedburner)
Part of my normal routine is to indulge in online research for use useful ideas, and I recently came across An Empirical Evaluation of Similarity Measures for Time Series Classification, and one standout from this paper is the Time Warp Edit Distance where, from the conclusion, "…the TWED measure originally proposed by Marteau (2009) seems to consistently outperform all the considered
