### [Quantocracy’s Daily Wrap for 12/10/2017](http://quantocracy.com/quantocracys-daily-wrap-for-12102017/)
Mon, 11 Dec 2017 06:15:01 +0000
#### [Momentum and Market Anomalies [Alpha Architect]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=XpXNtjETdu&source=feedburner)
Momentum is the tendency for assets that have performed well (poorly) in the recent past to continue to perform well (poorly) in the future, at least for a short period of time. Initial research on momentum was published by Narasimhan Jegadeesh and Sheridan Titman, authors of the 1993 study, Returns to Buying Winners and Selling Losers: Implications for Stock Market Efficiency. The type of
#### [Research Review | 8 December 2017 | Momentum Investing [Capital Spectator]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=oS2yeTlDLX&source=feedburner)
Implementing Momentum: What Have We Learned? Adrienne Ross (AQR Capital Management), et al. December 2017 An abundance of academic evidence and theory exists on the efficacy and intuition behind momentum investing, yet a limited number of studies discuss the feasibility of running momentum portfolios in practice. And no study to date has directly analyzed implementation costs for a live momentum
#### [November 2017 Trend Following [Wisdom Trading]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=4AhembgLyO&source=feedburner)
November 2017 Trend Following: DOWN -0.61% / YTD: -15.45% Please find below the latest edition of the Wisdom State of Trend Following as of last month. Performance is hypothetical. Chart for November: Wisdom State of Trend Following – November 2017 And the 12-month chart: Wisdom State of Trend Following 12 months – November 2017 Below are the summary stats: Horizon Return Ann. Vol. Last month
#### [State of Trend Following in November [Au Tra Sy]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=HweFkIYZBb&source=feedburner)
November was down for the index, sitting just below the negative double-digit line before year-end. It looks like the State of TF will end in the red in 2017, unless a strong bitcoin-inspired December rally lifts the index back in the black. Please check below for more details. Detailed Results The figures for the month are: November return: -4.09% YTD return: -11.26% Below is the chart displaying
