### [Quantocracy’s Daily Wrap for 12/07/2017](http://quantocracy.com/quantocracys-daily-wrap-for-12072017/)

Fri, 08 Dec 2017 06:15:01 +0000
#### [Calibrating Jump Diffusion Models using Differential Evolution [Top of The Bell Curve]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=oMe2ugFLFy&source=feedburner)

Determining the correct parameter values to be used in a Jump-Diffusion model is not a trivial process (as outlined here). In this blog post we will be using the biologically inspired differential evolution technique to calibrate a Jump-Diffusion model using simulated share price data. The Jump Diffusion Transition Density As discussed in a previous blog post, Jump-diffusion models are
#### [Time Series Analysis for Financial Data V     ARIMA Models [Auquan]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=tES3Gw1NBJ&source=feedburner)

In the previous posts in this series, we combined the Autoregressive models and Moving Average models to produce Auto Regressive Moving Average(ARMA) models. We found that we were still unable to fully explain autocorrelation or obtain residuals that are discrete white noise. Lets further extend this discussion of merging AR and MA models to Auto Regressive Integrated Moving Average(ARIMA)
#### [Time Series Analysis for Financial Data IV    ARMA Models [Auquan]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=dEufJNdp8l&source=feedburner)

In the previous posts in this series, we talked about Auto-Regressive Models and Moving Average Models and found that both these models only partially explained the log-returns of stock prices. We now combine the Autoregressive models and Moving Average models to produce more sophisticated modelsAuto Regressive Moving Average(ARMA) and Auto Regressive Integrated Moving Average(ARIMA)
#### [Podcast: Research analyst shares practical ways to do better research     Xiao Qiao [Chat With Traders]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=jvRqLA3fUN&source=feedburner)

Xiao Qiao is a research analyst for a Connecticut-based hedge fund, focused on trading commodity futures. He graduated with a PhD in Financeand was a teaching assistant to renown economist Eugene Fama. Notably, Xiao has also worked directly with trading legend Blair Hull on two quantitative research projects, which concern market timing and return predictability. The main objective of this
#### [“Trading without Regret” from Dr. Michael Kearns [Quantopian]](http://quantocracy.com/redirect.php?key=2yhyfwidzc&source=feedburner)

QuantCon 2018, Quantopians fourth annual quantitative trading conference, returns to NYC April 27th – 28th. We are sharing presentations from QuantCon 2017 to give you an example of what you can look forward to this year. First up, Dr. Michael Kearns and his keynote presentation on portfolio construction. Trading Without Regret by Dr. Michael Kearns, Professor at the Computer and
